Initial Proposal for GitClient integration (#564)
DataDog/integrations-extras: gitclient/README.md

# Agent Check: GitClient

## Overview

> This check monitors that a [Git client][1] can connect to a target http/https repo url.  The host running the Datadog agent must already have a git client installed and configured for authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This check monitors the connection between a [Git client][1] and a target HTTP/HTTPS repo URL. The host running the Datadog Agent must already have a git client installed and configured for authentication.
```

## Setup

Follow the instructions below to install and configure this check for an Agent running on a host. For containerized environments, see the [Autodiscovery Integration Templates][2] for guidance on applying these instructions.

### Installation

To install the "GitClient" check on your host:

1. Install the [developer toolkit](https://docs.datadoghq.com/developers/integrations/new_check_howto/#developer-toolkit) on any machine.
2. Run `ddev release build gitclient` to build the package.
3. [Download the Datadog Agent](https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#agent).
4. Upload the build artifact to any host with an Agent and run `datadog-agent integration install -w path/to/gitclient/dist/<ARTIFACT_NAME>.whl`.

### Configuration

> 1. Edit the `gitclient.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your gitclient performance data. See the [sample gitclient.d/conf.yaml][3] for all available configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Edit the `gitclient.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your GitClient performance data. See the [sample gitclient.d/conf.yaml][3] for all available configuration options.
```

2. [Restart the Agent][4].

### Validation

[Run the Agent's status subcommand][5] and look for `gitclient` under the Checks section.

## Data Collected

### Metrics

> GitClient does not collect any [metrics][6].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [metadata.csv][6] for a list of metrics provided by this integration.
```

> GitClient does not collect any [metrics][6].

Reviewer: yep. added a suggestion that adds the language needed for the documentation build to autogenerate this.
